if you target the roots of the cords
that's a great way just to get started
because you can't go wrong with that now
I'm going to take that a minor
pentatonic scale and examine what I have
available as far as roots of this chord
progression I don't have an F in the a
minor pentatonic scale so we're going to
leave that out but I have 2 g's 3 a's
two DS and that takes care of all the
rest of the chords in the progression if
I solo and I just target the roots of
the chords i'm going to play anything on
the F chord will get that in a minute
there's the F and then the G a leave it
out for the app now the deed
dr. Jean
hey
now i use the a minor pentatonic scale
I'm bail out on the F and then
leave it on yet d minor
she back today
what I did just built a skeletal
framework established the roots of the
prevailing court each time the court
changed and then what we can do is just
add the f note in there you see with
those f's are they right inside your C
scale now would suggest you do that and
as you do that envision both the a minor
pentatonic scale okay now each chord is
going to have a root you included the f
you could solo and use just the a minor
pentatonic scale and then on the
measures measures one and four where you
have the F chord you can use the a minor
pentatonic but target this f load add
that in there as your route I suggest
you practice sewing that way but then
you say when I wait a minute I've got
this big aitbaar progression and it
seems like I'm wrestling just to try to
keep up with the changes what we're
going to do is break this down there are
actually five chord connections in this
progression this is the way you
establish a sewing through a set of
changes how you going to your practice
protocol the first two chords are F and
G that will be one of the loops that we
use and you just practice plan between
the F and the G that way you don't to
think about more than two different
chords the next connection is G to a
minor now the effigy occurred it
measures one and two the GED a minor
occurring measures two and three and six
and seven your next progression that
occurs and measures three and four will
be a minor to F as going to be on the
loops then it measures four and five you
have F D minor measures five and six you
have D minor to G then measure 7 and 8
or just a minor
so the way I'm going to establish this
lesson will take each pair of cords get
through four bars and work on the first
four bars of the progression then we'll
take the next pairs of cords and then
finally establish the entire aitbaar
progression